[CI:DOCS] install.md: include distro package info links (#1633)
containers/skopeo: install.md

# Installing Skopeo

## Distribution Packages
`skopeo` may already be packaged in your distribution. This document lists the

> installation steps for many distros along with their info and support links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installation steps for many distros, along with their information and support links.
```

### Fedora

```sh
sudo dnf -y install skopeo
```

> Package Info: [Dist-Git](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/skopeo) and

Reviewer 2: Consider maybe just
```suggestion
[Package Info](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/skopeo) and
```
— the link is useful even for non-git users.

Reviewer: I generally prefer spelling out `information` over `info` in formal documentation like this.  That said, `info` is not incorrect.

[Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=__open__&classification=Fedora&component=skopeo&product=Fedora)

> Fedora bugs can be reported on the Skopeo GitHub itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fedora bugs can be reported on the Skopeo GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/containers/skopeo/issues) page.
```

### RHEL / CentOS Stream ≥ 8

```sh
sudo dnf -y install skopeo
```

> If you're a RHEL customer, please reach out through the official RHEL support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a RHEL customer, please reach out through the official RHEL support
```
